Restructure Source Maps Upload page (#5799)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/sourcemaps/upload/primer/javascript.mdx

> We provide guides on how to upload source maps to Sentry for the most popular JavaScript build tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide guides on uploading source maps to Sentry for the most popular JavaScript build tools.
```
